Create README.md for v1 recipe (#27648)
conda-forge/staged-recipes: recipes/example-v1/README.md

# V1 recipe format

> This recipe is an example of the v1 recipe format that was defined by [CEP 13](https://github.com/conda/ceps/blob/main/cep-13.md). This recipe is fully functional when built with rattler-build, but it's not ready for conda-forge's automation yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This recipe is an example of the v1 recipe format that was defined by [CEP 13](https://github.com/conda/ceps/blob/main/cep-13.md). The v1 recipe format is fully functional when built with rattler-build, but is not yet fully supported by conda-forge's automation.
```
